Indian Institute of Technology Knapur The Students' Gymkhana is the government organization of IIT Kanpur. Established in the Gymkhana seeks to cultivate leadership qualities amongst students to foster a corporate life and advance the general cause of the student Gymkhana functions mainly through the an elected representative and the elected the the General Academics and the General Secretary Games and the General Secretary Media and and the General Secretary Science and Technology. The Senate lays down the general guidelines for the functions of the executives and their associated councils. The Senators elect their own Senate Gymkhana has a say in the policy and decision making bodies of the institute. The President and the Chairperson Senate are special invitees to the Institute Academic Senate. The President is usually invited to all the institute level executive committees pertaining to matters. Nominees of the Gymkhana are also members of the various standing committees of the institute. All academic departments have Departmental Undergraduate and Post Graduate Committees consisting of faculty members and nominees of the four Councils along with cells carry out the executive responsibilities of the Gymkhana. Each council executes affairs pertaining to an overarching purpose. The Councils comprise Hobby and Institute which cater to specific and Career Council has been trusted with the responsibility of managing executive activities in two of the most crucial aspects of student life Academics and and Sports Council is the voice and face of IIT Kanpur sports responsible for management and conduction of all sporting events in the and Cultural Council organizes a plethora of cultural activities spanning over the whole and Technology SnT Council of IIT Kanpur is a community of science and technology enthusiasts who love to explore the Welfare Policy and Opinion the purpose a corporate life based on equality of status and sound moral all round activities to supplement the general welfare of our fellow the students of Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur resolve to constitute a self governing democratic organization called Gymkhana and do hereby adopt this Entrepreneurial Senate Service and Carreer and Sports and Cultural and Technology Welfare Policy and Opinion 2020 Gymkhana Gyanendra  
President Office Added to Gymkhana in the Office primarily assists the President in discharging duties. The council consists of nominee to various institute level Heads of multiple assets like the Activity Council Managers of miscellaneous events like Melange and various committees which are formed throughout the year to assist the four Councils along with cells carry out the executive responsibilities of the Gymkhana. Each council executes affairs pertaining to an overarching purpose. The Councils comprise Hobby and Institute which cater to specific and Career Council has been trusted with the responsibility of managing executive activities in two of the most crucial aspects of student life Academics and and Sports Council is the voice and face of IIT Kanpur sports responsible for management and conduction of all sporting events in the and Cultural Council organizes a plethora of cultural activities spanning over the whole and Technology SnT Council of IIT Kanpur is a community of science and technology enthusiasts who love to explore the Kanpur has a rich hostel culture where students residing in different halls compete against each other to win the General most awaited event of the Galaxy brings out the hall rivalries as students battle it out in various cultural activities such as fine etc. It instills the real sense of competition into the participants and sets spirits is organized annually where students no matter UG or PG compete for the glory of their hall in coding etc. It is a platform to sharpen the technical skills of the is a event that brings out the best in all the sports enthusiasts in the campus. The entire campus turns out to cheer their respective teams. The event also serves as a talent hunt for the institute Senate Service and Carreer and Sports and Cultural and Technology Welfare Policy and Opinion 2020 Gymkhana Gyanendra  
Welfare Community Welfare Cell is a body under the Indian Institute of Kanpur. The realm of for the Cell includes staff members of the the workers and their and any and all individuals who are related to the campus. It is to this community that the Cell finds itself morally accountable. In a larger setup and a farther the Cell shall try to realize the responsibilities of the institute with respect to the city of IIT Kanpur works through a system of democracy upheld through Gymkhana elections. Election Commission ensure a fair and end to end conduction of the the General HEC Elections IIT Kanpur aims to induce an entrepreneurial mindset into the students and air an innovative streak in them. We are here to water the in the bud and help them bloom into impactful endeavors through networking student enterprises from campus to seeding funds and angel investors to transform the newly proposed ideas into successful Cell is the Gymkhana body that works in collaboration with the Dean of Resources and IIT Kanpur. We contribute to the crucial avenues of strengthening publicizing achievements of IIT Kanpur and organizing outreach programs in IIT Kanpur. We organize talks and networking programs for career guidance and mentorship for developing relations. We also conceptualize and execute various campaigns such as for prospective Policy and Opinion Policy and Opinion Cell at IIT Kanpur brings global events into valuable perspective. We aim to provide our members with exposure to world historians and the frontier of Economics for years. We are the only cell among the 23 IITs nationwide. We aim to engage students in discussions on issues of political and historical significance and expose them to the challenges of policy encouraging them to pursue careers in the field of public policy and is the student media body of IIT Kanpur. We aim to be the voice of campus and act as a bridge between alumni and other stakeholders of IIT Senate Service and Carreer and Sports and Cultural and Technology Welfare Policy and Opinion 2020 Gymkhana Gyanendra  
festivals shall primarily be organized for the students of the to provide opportunities for participation in extracurricular activities at the intercollegiate to provide interaction with students from outside the Institute and to inculcate independent organizational and shall secondarily be organized for the staff and residents of the basic motto of all festivals shall be to encourage the spirit of competition and the spirit of participation amongst the community of the Institute. The Gymkhana shall annually organize three Gymkhana festivals namely Cultural is the annual cultural festival of IIT Kanpur and one of the largest and most awaited across Asia. It literally translates into Fire which every person associated is sure to feel within themselves. With 55 rich years behind Antaragni embodies the passion and desire of the students of IIT Kanpur and the whole of India to showcase and celebrate amazing cultural talent. It has been the benchmark of the college cultural scene of being the launchpad for some very successful names. Apart from competitive events and illuminating talks it hosts some amazing performances by artists of international standing which mesmerise the footfall. Each year it grows in scope to reflect the changing cultural landscape of but the only constant is that it remains the four best days of the year for everyone who is part of Technical Entrepreneurial is the annual Technical and Entrepreneurship festival organised by the students of IIT Kanpur. Techkriti was launched in 1995 with the aim of developing interest and encouraging innovation in technology among students of India. Techkriti hosts a plethora of Lectures and Shows. In its twenty second Techkriti has evolved and fulfilling its purpose and becoming one of the most college technical festivals in Asia. schools are also a part of this extravaganza with the introduction of a new event called Open School Sports is the annual sports festival of IIT held each year in October. Over the years Udghosh has evolved and expanded to become the biggest sports extravaganza in India. Being one of the most eagerly awaited events of the it is a national platform where the youth of the nation get interact and indulge in a fair play. Udghosh witnesses participation from students from over 200 colleges from all over India. Students from all fields law and medicine participate in the event with great gusto. A footfall of over is witnessed during the Senate Service and Carreer and Sports and Cultural and Technology Welfare Policy and Opinion 2020 Gymkhana Gyanendra  
Senate Senate is an elected student representative body composed of Senators elected from each batch and the five Gymkhana executives. It keeps a check on the functioning of the executive wings and functions as the central policy making Senate lays down the guidelines for the functions of the their associated the Gymkhana Festivals and other matters pertaining to the Student body at large. The Senate has a say in the policy and decision making bodies of the institute. The Senate acts on many important issues pertaining to students at IIT some of which Education and anything that relates to student all Senate serves as the forum of expression for the students and the decisions of the Senate represent the voice of the students at all Senate Service and Carreer and Sports and Cultural and Technology Welfare Policy and Opinion 2020 Gymkhana Gyanendra  
Office Executives 2023-24
Students’ Gymkhana
Riwayat
President Office:
Students’ Gymkhana, IIT Kanpur

Office with the aim of making more students aware and involving them in the working of Institute.

“Empowering Leadership,
Enriching Experiences”

About

The President’s Office, established within the Students’ Gymkhana in 2016-17, serves as the cornerstone for student leadership and engagement at our institution. Tasked with a broad spectrum of responsibilities, this office is dedicated to facilitating the President’s duties, orchestrating diverse events, and ensuring active participation in various committee meetings. It stands at the helm of managing pivotal assets such as the Students’ Activity Center and Students’ Server, alongside overseeing the Gymkhana’s financial matters. Moreover, the office plays a crucial role in the planning and execution of signature events like Gymkhana Day and Riwayat/Melange, enriching the campus culture. Through the formation of dynamic committees throughout the academic year, the President’s Office strives to foster a vibrant student community, empower student voices, and enhance the overall student experience at our institution.

Empowering Leadership, Enriching Experiences

GitHub
Instagram
LinkedIn
IITK LINKS

IITK Homepage

Webmail IITK

President’s Office

Students’ Senate IITK

DoSA IITK

Counselling Service IITK

Councils

Academics and Carreer Council

Games and Sports Council

Media and Cultural Council

Science and Technology Council

CELLS

Community Welfare Cell

Election Commission

Entrepreneurship Cell

Outreach Cell

Public Policy Opinion Cell

Vox Populi Riwayat
Home
Events
Our Team
Leader Board
R I W A Y A T



Presented by
Students' Gymkhana, IIT Kanpur



Leader Board
About Riwayat

Riwayat is an inter-pool competition being organized this summer exclusively for all Y20s, be it UG or PG. The tournament will be contested by 6 competing pools consisting of UGs of Halls 2, 3, 5, 6, 12 and PG-Y20. There will be a total of 8 events organized and conducted by 4 cells. The pool with the maximum overall points at the end of Riwayat will be declared the champions!

POINTS PER POSITION IN EACH EVENT

1st  position 100% points
2nd position 70% points
3rd position 45% points
4th position points
5th position 20% points
6th position 10% points

POINTS DISTRIBUTION

Policymakers News/Satire Writing Design Data Analysis 10%
Comics 5%
Speak in your language 10%
Case Study Challenge 15%
Designathon 25%

EVENTS' DETAILS

Competitions are being conducted over a span of 3 months, June to August.

Vox Populi
 queries related to Vox Populi, contact the chief editors of Vox Populi,
Ankur Banga and Aditya Raghav Trivedi news Satire writing

An exciting competition to test your creativity to deploy wit, irony, sarcasm, and ridicule in criticizing faults. Participants need to construct a composed piece of around 500-600 words individually or in a group of 2-4 people.

Details
02
Survey design and data analysis

Participants would have to complete exploratory and analytical tasks based on the data. You will be provided with two documents:
1. The pdf of the survey questionnaire
2. Raw data of the responses received.

Details
03
Comics

This one is for all the comic lovers out there. Use your artistry to create a comic on the following topics:
Types of people in an online class
Rest of the comic ideas can be taken from satire/fake news part only.

Details
OUR TEAM

Operations Management

Ghulam Farooqui

Chief Secretary, President's office

 Goyal

Convener, Cells' Affairs Committee

 President's office

 Suryansh Yadav, Vedant Gitte, Jahnvi Rochwani and Aditya Subramanian
Riwayat

Riwayat is an inter-pool competition being organized this summer exclusively for all Y20s, be it UG or PG. The tournament will be contested by 6 competing pools consisting of UGs of Halls 2, 3, 5, 6, 12 and PG-Y20. There will be a total of 8 events organized and conducted by 4 cells. The pool with the maximum overall points at the end of Riwayat will be declared the champions!

USEFUL WEBSITES
 Students' Gymkhana
 IITK Home
 Vox Populi
 E-Cell
 CWC
 PPOC
CONTACT US

Vedaant Sikka
President, Students' Gymkhana
IIT Kanpur
Email: presidentsg@iitk.ac.in


 2021 Students' Gymkhana, IITK. All Rights Reserved 